chore: Update readme files (#30)
ibm-messaging/event-streams-operator-resources: README.md

> # Event Streams operator resources for versions earlier than 11.2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Operator resources for Event Streams version 11.1.6 and earlier
```

> This repository contains resources for use with the container-native version of Event Streams versions earlier than 11.2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains resources for use with the container-native version of Event Streams version 11.1.6 and earlier.
```
